Feature: support snippet variable files. (#280)
artisticat1/obsidian-latex-suite: DOCS.md

### Snippet variables

> Snippet variables are used as shortcuts when writing snippets. Strings with the format `"${VARIABLE}"` will be replaced with the contents of  `VARIABLE` if it's defined (and left unchanged otherwise).
> 
> Snippet variables can be changed in the settings, under **Advanced editor settings > Snippet variables**. They are defined using a JavaScript object. For your convince `VARIABLE`, `"VARIABLE"` and `"${VARIABLE}"` are all accepted.

Author: ```suggestion
Snippet variables are used as shortcuts when writing snippets. In the `trigger` of a snippet, strings with the format `"${VARIABLE}"` will be replaced with the contents of the matching variable if it's defined, and left unchanged otherwise.

Snippet variables can be changed in the settings, under **Advanced editor settings > Snippet variables**. They are defined using a JavaScript object.
```

If a snippet replacement function returns a non-string value, the snippet is ignored and will not expand.

> ## Snippet/Variable files

Reviewer: I suggest splitting this out into its own "Snippet variable files" section.

You can choose to load snippets/variables from a file or from all files within a folder. To do this, toggle the setting **Snippets > Load snippets from file or folder** or **Advanced editor settings > Snippet variables > Load snippets from file or folder**. The file or folder must be within your vault, and not in a hidden folder (such as `.obsidian/`).

Snippet/variable files can be saved with any extension. However, to obtain syntax highlighting in external editors, you may wish to save your snippet/variable files with an extension of `.js`.

A snippets file is a JavaScript array of snippets, or a JavaScript module with a default export of an array of snippets.

_Note: an **array** is a list of items. In JavaScript, this is represented with the bracket symbols `[` `]`, with the items between them and separated by commas, e.g. `[ item1, item2 ]`._

A variables file is a JavaScript object, or a JavaScript module with a default export of an object.

> _Note: an **object** is a mapping of names to values. In JavaScript, this is represented with the braces symbols `{` `}`, with a `:` between the name and value, and a comma between name-value pairs, e.g. `{ name: "value", "name2": "value2" }`._
> 

Author: ```suggestion
_Note: an **object** is a mapping of names to values. In JavaScript, this is represented with the braces symbols `{` `}`, with a `:` between the name and value, and a comma between name-value pairs, e.g. `{ "name1": "value1", "name2": "value2" }`._

```

]
```

A variable file containing an object of variables, with the 3 legal formats:

```typescript
{

>   GREEK:
>     "alpha|beta|gamma|Gamma|delta|Delta|epsilon|varepsilon|zeta|eta|theta|Theta|iota|kappa|lambda|Lambda|mu|nu|omicron|xi|Xi|pi|Pi|rho|sigma|Sigma|tau|upsilon|Upsilon|varphi|phi|Phi|chi|psi|Psi|omega|Omega",
>   "SYMBOL":
>     "hbar|ell|nabla|infty|dots|leftrightarrow|mapsto|setminus|mid|bigcap|bigcup|cap|cup|land|lor|subseteq|subset|implies|impliedby|iff|exists|forall|equiv|square|neq|geq|leq|gg|ll|sim|simeq|approx|propto|cdot|oplus|otimes|times|star|perp|det|exp|ln|log|partial",
>   "${SHORT_SYMBOL}": "to|pm|mp",

Author: ```suggestion
  "${GREEK}":
    "alpha|beta|gamma|Gamma|delta|Delta|epsilon|varepsilon|zeta|eta|theta|Theta|iota|kappa|lambda|Lambda|mu|nu|omicron|xi|Xi|pi|Pi|rho|sigma|Sigma|tau|upsilon|Upsilon|varphi|phi|Phi|chi|psi|Psi|omega|Omega",
  "${SYMBOL}":
    "hbar|ell|nabla|infty|dots|leftrightarrow|mapsto|setminus|mid|bigcap|bigcup|cap|cup|land|lor|subseteq|subset|implies|impliedby|iff|exists|forall|equiv|square|neq|geq|leq|gg|ll|sim|simeq|approx|propto|cdot|oplus|otimes|times|star|perp|det|exp|ln|log|partial",
  "${SHORT_SYMBOL}": "to|pm|mp",
```
